what I have here is another small motor
that I took out from my Epson printer
this one is a DC motor and I'm trying to
see what kind of voltage I can get out
of this apparently it's a very high rpm
motor so it needs to be turning very
fast but I was thinking just using this
motor to charge a small maybe a set of
double A batteries in parallel so I
would need no more than 1.6 spokes or so
I would have to get a small dial and I
just happen to have a Schottky diode
that I can use also taken out from the
Epson printer actually I tested before
and I was getting about a 1.5 bolt and
you see the shape of these blades that I
just made for testing purpose when I
flattened the blades it goes a little
bit faster so that's what I'm going to
do I'm going to flatten it some more
than before okay let's try it
of course I can gear it up but that
complicates the process you would have
to engineered quite a bit more right now
it's going up to 1.7 three volts so I
modify the blades a little bit making it
a bit more aerodynamic and the voltage
has gone up making the blades more
aerodynamic more airfoil shape thus help
the voltage went up from two folks -
four volts so this is how it looks maybe
if I make a blades thinner it would help
maybe I cut off this part here that
would help too I'm sure
you